ready enough
all right ladies and gentlemen welcome
to the wan show it has been a nightmare
and a half getting the show set up today
but hopefully everything is all good i
am
i am littered i am littered in
like usb
xlr interfaces and capture cards and
laptops and um hopefully everything
stays working for the hour or so that we
need to broadcast guys i want to start
the show though with a big shout out to
the one and only luke lefraniere okay
because he has been sitting on the line
with me for about an hour
with me not being ready to broadcast
we're only an hour and 23 minutes late
it's not that bad yeah
you know what
okay here's the thing we've done worse
so a lot of you are probably wondering
why we are broadcasting from the comfort
of our homes today um luke what's your
story why are you at home
why can't you just go to the office so
that i could video call in and we could
use the regular stream setup luke
well
in my defense um i don't know if she
wants me to talk about this uh my my
girlfriend is high risk for the current
thing that's out in the world that i'm
not gonna name because we're allowed to
talk about it now uh youtube has eased
the restrictions on talking about covid
oh okay yeah my girlfriend my girlfriend
is high risk for covid for
some reasons that i'm not going to
bother going to and yeah she's elderly
she's elderly baby
she's over 80. so 20
20 risk of mortality yeah you know yes
it's okay we get it we understand just
being careful for that reason yeah going
out only when i really need to and i
didn't realize it was going to be a
problem to be clear yeah it was also it
was a big problem if i knew it was going
to be a problem i could have just done
the setup on my end
we could have just done the same thing
but reversed why didn't you suggest that
i could have done that so much faster
[Laughter]
i mean okay i'm going to suggest for
next week we might want to do that
what you don't you don't like my setup
here
wait okay
i forgot i mean like the obs side of
things and stuff yeah yeah sure whatever
whatever you say i forget did you ever
end up with a video feed of me
no okay cool so luke has no video feed
of me but the good news there is that
that means that if i
uh yes okay good i think i can add
uh an item to our scene here yeah here
we go so here's my laptop webcam because
i want to show you guys
what the streaming setup looks like
today hopefully without disconnecting
anything okay so on my left
here we go on my left i have
oh can i see it this usb dongle which is
my ethernet connection my hdmi out to an
external monitor and my usb connection
to
okay ignore that usb audio interface
we're not using that but we're using
that usb capture card over there okay
hold on wait for it wait for it it gets
even better the hdmi out connection is
to this external portable monitor on the
floor which is what i'm using to both
see luke's face
and bring him into the obs um
scene
on my right is a go xlr usb xlr
interface and then i was supposed to use
um some some xlr microphone but i was
having issues with the
uh the the stand that they sent me now
that i'm sitting on my couch because i
couldn't use my tv and using my computer
upstairs was not convenient because uh
it's in a separate room and so plugging
all this stuff in via usb had the
potential to cause a bottleneck because
i just have one usb 5 gigabit per second
link over optical um so what i decided
to do
was use
my
my xlr
wireless microphone
so this is a lavalier mic um so i'm
wearing that pack
in my lap right here okay so that's on
my belt and then to monitor audio
i have these headphones plugged into the
go xlr so that i can hear myself and
make sure everything's all good and then
i have
in-ear monitors
which i am using to listen to luke
and that's just plugged directly into
the laptop
there's so many solutions happening
all at once that's amazing and none of
them are great
it is a it's an actual miracle that this
is working as well as okay so
so why didn't your desktop work
so much of this would be so much easier
if you're on a desktop okay my desktop
was going to be a pain in the butt
because i don't have a convenient way to
mount a good camera behind my monitor
because all i've got is a big tripod
so i would have had to use a webcam
which i thought we weren't using but
then you went and showed up with a
webcam no one told me anything i knew
nothing look it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter the point is i look
better than you for the first time ever
in spite of my three days of
self-isolation facial hair that i've got
i don't like it here by the way thank
you everybody
yet but i actually think it looks pretty
good thank you um and so okay so there
was that plus the fact that my desktop
is in a different room from the monitor
so that means that i have only a single
five gigabit per second optical link and
between the capture card and the audio
interface and all the other things that
i have on there my mouse my keyboard
everything
um i was worried that i would overcome
that link now i do technically have a
thunderbolt dock there but my
thunderbolt dock or the cable or the
thunderbolt interface on my amd
motherboard super weird one of those
things is not working it is not working
so i so i was like okay oh also um
there's no convenient way for me to
light that room like there's just a
bunch of problems doing it next to my
desktop so then i thought okay i'll do
it in the living room with my media pc
and then i realized what was the problem
with the media piece i don't remember i
don't remember there's some problem
doing it through the media pc and so i
settled on just broadcasting off my
laptop shout out to dell too because
this xps 13 two and one is handling this
like a champ uh i'm at like 60 cpu usage
and 70 gpu usage
and uh
yeah i like i'm good
i'm good as long as i got my dongle my
life is amazing if i don't have my
dongle my life is over uh so if that
dongle gets disconnected this whole
stream is done
completely done
um why don't we why don't we uh talk
about what kind of topics you got for
the lamb show today ladies and gentlemen
doesn't this feel like such a throwback
where the first half of the show is why
the show is an hour late
yeah yeah we're just doing a retro
stream that's all that's really going on
yeah it's you know what honestly this
whole week has felt like that i think
talking about what it's been like to
work from home is definitely going to be
a topic for the lan show this week yeah
i know you asked me if i had any other
topics and then uh i have only just now
realized that i do one of the topics
that i would bring up is that i've been
helping
my dad and the the kpu plumbing
department in general switched to online
education so that's the quantland
university is what scotland polytechnic
yeah yeah so that's that's been a really
interesting
experience and cool i would like to talk
about it um we've also got uh amd and
xbox gpu source code stolen
that's amazing that seems terrible
um
apple is restricting cloud gaming
services on ios which is
uh basically par for the course i guess
for those guys but um you know we'll
talk about what that means for game
streaming as a as a as a whole what else
we got this interesting luke firefox
begins paid ad-free service
interesting that's spicy and then of
course
oh sorry i thought you weren't gonna do
it you go ahead
well i don't know which one you're gonna
do well the headline topic i was
thinking maybe we'd do the headline time
that that you know that that makes sense
youtube default playback is now 480p ooh
what oh my what spicy all right so we're
going to roll the intro
but i want to warn you guys in advance
there yeah there's no audio
[Music]
uh
you know what i don't care it doesn't
matter it's over that was it that was
the only time we were gonna experience
that on today's stream because
realistically i'll forget to do the
other thing all right so let's talk
about youtube defaulting video playback
to 480p because that
is a pretty bizarre thing for them to do
at least
in normal times so there are users that
have been reporting in europe as of last
week that youtube has been defaulting
them to 480p not even
regular hd resolution and now
that change is being rolled out globally
so we actually had a handful of people
at the office notice it um today
actually i believe it's uh yeah alex is
the one who posted this in the wan show
doc
um but there's actually a very
reasonable explanation for all of this
uh you know luke would you consider
dropping down float plane's default
video quality in this time and why
um i i don't think
we're gonna
quite have the impact
right here
um like youtube turning down their
default playback
would would result in a very large
amount of users that aren't going to
bother click a button to change video
quality which is uh maybe not of the
people watching this stream right now
but it's probably a relatively large
group of people that watch youtube it's
going to result in them sucking up a lot
less of the world's bandwidth especially
when everyone is stuck at home and this
will like
wouldn't have appreciated it anyway
yeah yeah um and it's it's it's this
will actually very likely make a
noticeable decrease on the internet
usage of the world which is crazy and
flow plane would
not
be in the same category at all so i
don't think we're too worried about it
it's probably fine but that does lead us
into why youtube would do this so
the the the covid19 pandemic has caused
a massive uptick
in global internet usage for a variety
of reasons so number one is that people
are stuck at home with nothing to do so
what are they doing they're going on
netflix they're gaming they're watching
twitch streams um they're they're
playing didn't steam log their most ever
users online and that was without any
kind of crazy launch that was before the
half-life alex launch that was
i mean what do maternal was coming out
around that time but and like there were
a lot of people playing it but
you know what was it like 20 million
concurrence or something stupid like
that and if i remember correctly even
just like counter-strike itself had like
the most users it's ever had
which it's not like there's been a crazy
big tournament in the last you know week
or something that's been oh yeah i need
to go play cs go again or anything like
that just yeah people are sitting at
home with nothing to do and then the
other big factor is going to lead us
into our next topic here pretty nicely
is the explosion
in work from home measures that are
being implemented by employers
so
um
basically
the cold hard truth of it is that
unless you absolutely have to as a
business you are not shutting down and
like that's a good thing it's good for
the business owners it's good for if
they're big enough businesses it's good
for their shareholders and it's good for
the employees people want to work like
my staff is not coming to me and saying
hey i'd really like to get laid off
right about now
no honestly honestly i mean i think some
people have this perception that like if
there's a government handout that people
would like to take that but
we absolutely are working on something
in fact i think there was some news
about that today was it like a thousand
dollars or something like that i i don't
know whatever i don't know it was
supposed to be for people who are
impacted by the kovic 19 outbreak um but
there's literally no one on my staff
that's like yeah i sure would like to
not have a job and i'd sure like that
that government handout if i can have it
so you know our goal as a business is to
be
is to be as operational as we possibly
can and all while keeping other people
safe so we've probably got a good
what percentage of people are actually
in the office right now
a third maybe
no one from floatplane for sure yeah no
one from floatplanes there if you count
those guys we're probably closer to like
a quarter
yeah so so basically the only people in
office are the studio management guys so
tyler and matthias are in because they
need to actually physically move things
around um we don't have any of our
regular shooters in right now because
brandon's on vacation and i think like i
think he could have been like oh you
know what you guys are kind of uh short
staffed i could probably not take the
vacation but the flip side of that is he
had his vacation booked and that's a
perfect opportunity to quarantine
yourself for two weeks so like he's been
hanging around at home as far as i can
tell uh david's out self-quarantined he
got a no
sorry
why would i not because you're not
i'm not
why does it matter
oh i guess so yeah okay well whatever so
the point is everyone's out um
and the only people who are in or we've
got some of the editors in we've
actually been experimenting though with
people editing from home
which i didn't think was going to be
possible
but this is kind of crazy we've got a
video that's going to be coming out
about this um do you know parsec
yeah okay so for those who are not
familiar uh parsec okay you know what
hold on before i transition to this
topic i do want to finish up with this
um basically yeah there's an explosion
in work from home measures which is a
combination of uh remote access to files
or to desktops uh file sharing that's
being done sort of over the internet
rather than over a local network yeah
and then another big one is video
conferencing so uh who is it um
shoot i forget is it zoom i think it's
zoom was saying that their their user
base just like absolutely freaking
exploded overnight
um
so it's having a significant impact so
i think we had positioned in the title
uh on thumbnail of this video youtube
degrading quality as like it might be
some kind of a bad or outrageous thing
but actually it's fantastic because
as long as people don't care enough
to click
like one click two clicks two clicks is
all it takes for them to change the
quality so if they don't care enough to
make two clicks then they can
significantly decrease the amount of
bandwidth that they're consuming and
that gives us an opportunity to have
better internet for people who need it
more like people who are working from
home or offices that are trying to
coordinate remote workers
yeah uh i know from from my experience
trying to work on this i mean most most
of the floatplane stuff is is just fine
all we all we really do collaboratively
in terms of videos talking to each other
is we do like meetings twice a week and
those have been not really impacted i
didn't expect they would be um
but my my dad's
thing and his school
i've
worked on a on a discord server for them
and we set up it's actually kind of a
cool setup every teacher has their own
category and that category has like a
few different text channels and a few
different voice channels and they all
have interesting permissions and
everything set up so that you get like
enrolled in a class when you join the
discord server and then you get access
to just that channel and blah blah blah
but getting
streaming
working for them
was a hurdle um because they're not like
twitch streamers they're they're
plumbing instructors so that was and
they've like never heard of discord
before other than my dad um
and and all this other kind of stuff but
they've been they've been picking it up
and we we ended up figuring out that
like even though you can stream your
screen or your camera or whatever
discord is fairly limited in terms of
like having multiple things on screen
and whatnot right so i've had them start
uh
i had them all install obs
and even though you i don't think you
can stream through discord with obs but
i used that as like a canvas program so
they're able to lay out their screen and
then full screen projector source their
whole scene
and then capture their screen
if that makes sense
so this is interesting the chat is
basically exploding with people saying
that they are limited to 720p
are you guys talking about the stream
we're on right now or are you guys
talking about youtube in general
so uh let us know guys let us know which
is limited to 720p right now but that's
the source so i think you're streaming
in 720p
oh okay uh it doesn't say that i am
which is weird i so i just checked uh i
saw that and so i decided to check the
obs settings and it's definitely
set to
oh
oh i don't have rescale output checked
but it says 1920 by 1080 next to that
you know what i i didn't i didn't
oh yeah okay it's because i created a
new profile and it's uh seven it was in
720p remember when i had to change the
streaming settings all right sorry about
that guys yes this is a 720p stream
today all right yeah so don't worry
about it it's all good that's not
youtube wide that's just yet another
thing that went wrong with the stream
today all right so let's talk about some
some other remote work options or some
other remote work stuff um one of the
things that we've been experimenting
with is parsec so for those of you who
are not familiar parsec is a company
that's really focused on remote gaming
so that's a space that's really
exploding right now you've got nvidia
with their geforce now you've got
sony's offering you've got microsoft
project xcloud you've got who else did
we oh yeah google with stadia
um
and then
and then of course you've got some of
the more uh the more kitschy niche ones
we actually got a ton of criticism in
our recent roundup of game streaming
service for not including shadow tech
and
i feel like it must have gotten cut in
the edit or something because we did
mention them but we had decided not to
include them in a roundup of these game
streaming services because we really
felt that shadow tech was almost a
different category of game streaming
service not that similar to something
like a geforce now or especially a
google stadia um so what shadow tech is
is a virtualized desktop
um
and
basically what they're running is
they're if i recall correctly they're
they're taking each box which has many
cpu cores and then multiple gpus and
then much like we did with seven gamers
one cpu or six workstations one cpu
they're cordoning off those resources so
every one of these virtual gaming rigs
gets its own gpu and then
a segment or a chunk of the cpu course
um
and then what you do is whenever you
want a game you can use any device you
want whether it's like an android phone
or android tv even or a laptop and then
you remote into that virtual desktop and
you use the performance of that virtual
desktop in order to play your games or
edit video or whatever the case may be
all right so
there's a reason i'm telling this whole
story anyway maybe we should do a
follow-up where we check out shadow tech
compared to these other solutions but
what's different about it is that when
you when you log into a shadow box
you're basically just looking at like
a desktop you have to like install your
own games and stuff like there's no
there's no like pretty launcher and
stuff like that you just
you're just using a computer it just
happens to be you know 100 miles away or
a thousand miles away or whatever the
case may be
so we didn't really consider it to be a
proper mainstream game streaming service
also anecdotally i've heard that their
wait list to get a shadow box is like
six months or something like that and um
every time we mention it apparently it
gets really really bad so if it wasn't
six months it probably will be again now
that we've just mentioned it on one show
because when we did our sponsored video
for them a while back apparently they
just were buried for like actually
months
in requests because there's a limit to
how much data center space that you can
get and how quickly you can you can
scale up like there's cash flow
considerations so
back to um
parsec parsec is kind of like shadow
tech except that instead of remoting
into their data center to use the
machine
you remote into your own computer to use
it remotely
so totally different from like a geforce
now or google stadia because you
actually have to own the hardware but
it's like shadow tech in that you are
able to access it remotely and use it as
though you're sitting in front of it and
uh parsec like shadow tech has really
put a lot of emphasis on a couple of
things number one is keeping their
latency as low as possible and number
two is working on both absolute and
relative mouse movements and making sure
that they are translated correctly
across this um over internet access
connection so what that means i actually
had to ask what that meant i was
familiar with the concept but i didn't
know the terms so absolute mouse
movement refers to when you move your
mouse and your pointer
moves corresponding to it and then when
you when you pick up your pointer it
like stays there okay relative mouse or
when you let go it stays where it is
relative mouse movement refers to when
you're like rotating an object within a
cad program
or you are gaming
where your mouse pointer is actually
sort of virtually centered in the screen
and then you're just like panning around
and it's so so that movement is relative
to its starting point not that it stays
there does that kind of make sense was
that a good enough explanation luke yeah
yeah okay cool so anyway as it turns out
a bunch of the work that parsec has done
to make it great for gaming
also happens to make it great for
video editors or
3d designers or i have
people who work in game studios who are
working on animations or or modeling
so i thought that was pretty cool they
actually just rolled out a professional
level service and it's got not much
going for it right now actually
so you have to pay for it
per seat and then you have the ability
to
have multiple monitors but only by
switching between them and like
teamviewer can already do that but
teamviewer is much laggier like it's
totally different experience um
so you could have multiple monitors and
then there's like administrative stuff
so an administrator can
determine who has access to which
stations and things like that so it's
but but it's fundamentally the same
technology and uh we actually have tried
using it for remote video editing and
it's not color accurate enough like you
would still need to do a local you'd
have to like take your finished project
and do a passive color correction or
you'd have to have one person at a
central location that's like your
colorist for for all of your video
projects
but in terms of the responsiveness it's
um
basically the ping time between you and
the server which because our office
happens to be
like
crazy crazy fast and like a super high
tier low latency connection is pretty
good for all of our workers who happen
to be in the vancouver area plus about a
frame so that's your total latency so
it's pretty workable it's not perfect
but uh yeah we're gonna have a video
coming about that what have you guys
done to make remote working easier i
mean you've got remote people already
but i guess it hasn't been much of an
adjustment
yeah i was going to say uh uh everyone
went home
they kept doing their jobs
there wasn't uh there wasn't a lot of
adapting um
i
yeah that's uh
that's pretty much it everyone was
already set up to be able to work at
home it's it was
it was extremely not an issue
it took maybe less than a fifth of a day
for one or two people to adjust and then
that was about it
okay so our side is pretty simple
here's the big question
is
will this experience
change anything about the way that you
work moving forward
and i'd love to hear from people in the
chat as well
uh in my opinion
no we we've already been set up at
floatplane for a hybrid of remote work
and local work uh we have already set a
precedence that it's okay but preferred
for you to be in locally and i still
think
uh like i've seen a lot of posts going
out about like oh they said working from
home was impossible and look what's
happening now it's like well no it was
it was extremely unreasonable given that
it was fine to come in and work locally
and i would still prefer
that everyone is
local right so yeah i don't think
anything's going to really change in
that regard um
yeah this was this was in terms of the
difficulty of switching how we work this
was extremely light touch for flow plane
because flow plane was extremely well
set up for this already right
oh okay people are complaining about the
volume levels okay don't worry guys i'm
working on it i'm working on it i turned
loop down i turned me up sorry about
that
um i mean for me
man i don't know the thing about video
production is a lot of things work
a lot better when you're in person and
one of the things that i get a lot of
feedback that people like about working
at lmg is like people don't like the
commute we have people who live in
vancouver and are commuting all the way
up to cloverdale which is not great
but
i've had multiple people without me
prompting bring up in their annual
reviews last time around that one of the
great things about lmg is that they
could go for a beer with literally
anyone on staff and you know depending
who it is they might not be bffs or
whatever
but like it'd be a good time
yeah good and i feel like it'd be really
hard to have that level of
camaraderie and that kind of a team
dynamic if you're not in the same place
doing the same stuff seeing each other's
faces
you know
it takes work and like honestly
a decent part of the reason why we have
those uh those two meetings the monday
and friday meeting is so that everyone
at least hears each other twice a week
right um and i'm not even kidding like
there's there's been a not insignificant
amount of those meetings that at the end
of the day probably didn't need to
happen right but they don't take that
long they're all pretty short unless
there's like a big discussion that needs
to happen and we needed the meeting
anyways but if that isn't there they're
all pretty short and at least everyone
checks in with each other there's that
vocal check-in because i know sometimes
there's there's a lot of loss in
translation when it comes to just
communicating through text oh yeah
especially if english isn't everyone's
first language like i know you've got
people overseas
and like sometimes and people not
overseas people in canada we have other
languages in canada yeah and and and uh
different cultures there's there's
different approaches to
cultures in canada
yes yeah um and there's there's tonal
shifts and expectations in terms of
communication that happens differently
based on different cultures so one
culture might think that a certain form
of communication uh even if the language
medium is the same if they're both
speaking english they might think that a
certain form of communication is very
respectful meanwhile different culture
might think that that exact form of
communication is notably offensive in
some way yeah so boomers for example
have you noticed they put ellipses on
everything
like every every time my parents text me
i'm like you know how ominous this
sounds right
like have you noticed that
yeah
yeah and and the and the single k
yeah yeah
with ellipses i'm like you know what
that means right that means it's not
okay yeah that means the very opposite
of okay
yeah but they don't seem to get it at
all
yeah
um so like it it often helps to bridge
those communication issues by getting
people in voice
because tonality can change so much of
the conversation because you can just
hear in someone's voice if they're like
pissed or not and if they're
oh go ahead go ahead
and and if you add video on top of that
that can often be helpful to another
level uh it might not be another level
that's really beneficial or helpful
depending on how
uh
kind of adapted your team is that's this
point how much time they spent together
if they get each other yet or not but
like if if we were to bring a new member
on the team right now i would probably
push
at least the majority of the team to try
to have video enabled in meetings yeah
for the first little while just just so
that you can see body language on top of
tonality well part of it too is like a
social credit not like china's social
credit system
but i i
i mean like an interpersonal
relationship type of credit like if you
as a company you all go like
paintballing together and everyone has a
blast the next time someone butts heads
at work you're gonna have a little bit
of like
goodwill in the bank yes to make it
easier for that to not escalate into
something really nasty you know when
people have those kinds of yeah man good
times good times when people have that
to fall back on i feel like it helps a
lot and it's hard to do that not in
person i mean gaming's great
but it's not quite the same either like
you know we've had we've had you and the
girlfriend over
for
and we end up like sitting and playing
video games
and like that was a ton of fun and the
game that we were playing lovers in a
dangerous space-time there's absolutely
no reason whether it's through steam or
through a service like parsec for
example which is also like a local it's
like internet local multiplayer is one
of the things they specialize in um
there's no reason we couldn't have
played that game from separate locations
and we could still do that actually it's
not a terrible idea maybe we should play
somewhere in that game anyway
but it's more about just like getting
together and hanging out
um
there i wanted to take a couple a couple
comments from viewers so alex shepherd
says my company is already talking about
maybe not going back
uh probably by the time the covid crisis
subsides about 80 of our company won't
be in the office
yeah
that doesn't surprise me that much
it's a reasonable conclusion it's
sometimes
what needs to happen is necessity for
something to change so like it might not
have been worth the work to
to swap that over for a long time and
then you have to suddenly and now it's
like well because i have to it's
inherently worth the work so now we can
switch to this new mode and that might
even be more work to go back the other
way yeah
yeah and you did and the company might
be able to save a significant amount of
money by reducing office space or
whatever else yeah and not just that but
there's like an overall benefit to
people as well like have you noticed
when you have had to go out how little
traffic there is oh yeah when i was
commuting last week before i got like a
bit of a i don't even have a sore throat
it's not sore at all i just have like a
bit of a like kind of a bit of a
occasional wet cough like i've coughed
once this entire wan show and like my
voice is low like i i feel otherwise 100
fine but i'm just like yeah i clearly
can't be in the office right now even
just the optics of it even if i went and
got tested and they were like no it's
not covet 19. just the optics of being
at work sick right now is just terrible
so i've been i've been working from home
but when i was commuting last week i've
been getting to the office in 15 minutes
normally it takes me like a third longer
than that
i haven't even and no i see the look on
your face no no not because i've got my
foot on the acceleration
there's just no traffic
yeah there's no traffic nobody's out on
the road
it's kind of crazy i uh i've been
talking for a long time you and i have
had this conversation before about like
future cities and
and uh like what
working and
in-person communication stuff might look
like in the future because
the current state of these like
places in the world that are hyper hubs
of human population
uh with super super super expensive land
and rent and all that kind of stuff
it's i mean i guess it's relatively
sustainable but it would be way easier
if people were able to spread out but
with the need to communicate into these
dense areas people usually want to pack
in like crazy because employers want
access to more
potential high-skilled employees yes uh
so you want to put your office somewhere
where there's lots of people and then
everything crams together and where
you're you know dick feels the biggest
as well that's another thing that really
like annoys me
there is no reason why you know both
sports stadiums in vancouver need to be
in downtown vancouver
put them somewhere else i mean when the
olympics came to town they were like
okay let's put the skating oval in
richmond and let's put this stuff over
here and let's put that stuff over there
yeah yeah why not what what a novel idea
just put it at the end of a train track
yeah and i mean
i get it that's the entertainment
district or or whatever and there's lots
of restaurants around there and stuff
you know what those restaurants still
going to be there
and if you go and you put a sports arena
somewhere else the restaurants will
probably come i mean isn't that what
city planners do isn't that their job
and at least if you were somewhere else
you know everyone who needs to get to to
work or get home from work on a game
night would actually be able to do it
that would be cool because there's much
larger arteries and i mean road arteries
there's much larger arteries kind of
outside the city because they're
designed to bring people into and out
from the city
um but yeah that's that's uh that's a
whole separate conversation uh chad
lafarge says at my job everyone not just
the tech guys are going agile so people
are doing 15-minute stand-ups who work
in finance or compliance
cool um
i it took me a long time to go look at
the chat so there's actually not that
many comments about it anymore but
that's fine because we kind of need to
talk about our sponsors today anyway
uh unfortunately i don't have any that
was weird
uh okay whatever we're not gonna fix
that right now um
one of the sponsors is displayed i don't
have any displays to point at because i
without thinking ahead intentionally
positioned myself on a blank wall um
luke had the the foresight to at least
put like a fern and some you know
tasteful wood paneling behind it that
was not me that was
my girlfriend i know it wasn't for sure
but anyway display they're they're metal
prints that are magnetically mounted to
your wall without
as much risk of damaging your wall
because they just use like a sticky
thing and then they've got a magnet on
that and then you just stick this metal
print on top of it they've got over 35
000 artists from 86 countries around the
world that have contributed
up their over 800 000 designs they plant
a tree for every disc plate sold they've
already planted over 11 million trees
man they must be selling a lot of
displays boys and girls um and basically
they're they're just like kind of
awesome they've got a hundred day return
policy for 100 refund if you don't like
it you can pick between matte and gloss
finishes and they've even got the ltt
collection oh look at that look at that
luke's gonna lose gonna show us uh the
display website okay i don't have it
positioned quite right but that's that's
pretty good luke pretty good i like it i
like it
um
so yeah use code ltt to save 15 at
lmg.gg
display when
all right do you want to switch back to
yourself or do you want to go to the the
moss link
now i'll work on the moss one lmg dot gg
slash moss organizer all right so moss
they got all kinds of good stuff they
got their awesome backpack apparently
i'm supposed to be featuring the black
pack which is like a bigger version of
the one that i use um so if you're
bigger than me i'm like five six what is
that 185 centimeters or whatever that
works out to whatever 180 centimeters
okay so that's how big i am i'm not big
enough for the black pack so you know
you go ahead you get a black pack if
you're larger than me otherwise they've
got tons of different sizes tons of
different styles the black pack has a 27
liter capacity
it's made of 1680d ballistic nylon for
durability it's got an exterior water
bottle pocket that is large enough to
fit the ltt water bottle lttstore.com
it's got built-in cable management and
an available power cord and usb power
bar to keep your devices charged it's
got adjustable sternum and shoulder
straps and a built-in range light to
protect your bag from the elements it
fits laptops up to 15.6 inches you know
for like big manly men with big manly
laptops and it's got a five year
warranty use golfer code line this tech
to get
off everything on their site they've got
all kinds of stuff like cable organizers
cables
you name it they they pretty much they
pretty much got it
next up we've got private internet
access
what's in your online security toolkit
adding a vpn helps you mask your ip and
encrypt traffic to and from your devices
private internet access has reliable
service with over 3000 servers in 30
countries i've been using it for years i
think i've had like
i don't know maybe like two outages or
something like that and i've been using
it for
dang i've been using it since we were
still working with um who was the one we
worked with before i actually can't even
remember tunnelbear tunnelbear um so i
was using pia because um
why was i using it i think i switched to
it on a trip to china or something like
that because
i'm not going to guarantee pia will work
in china because it's a constant arms
race and sometimes it works sometimes it
doesn't but i think it was because pia
was working for me at that time and i
just never got around to canceling it um
and so now i've been using it for years
and years and they now feature wireguard
which is in a beta state there's no
bandwidth caps they've got configurable
encryption and an internet kill switch
to make sure that if your vpn
disconnects you don't accidentally leak
out any data
um so if you're you know let's say
you're torrenting movies or whatever
else you don't want a nasty letter from
your isp pia is going to make it so that
they can't tell what's coming in and
what's going on you can try it risk-free
with their 30-day money-back guarantee
and you can connect up to five devices
at once with clients for windows mac os
android ios and linux
uh check it out at lmg.gg piawan we've
got that in the lower third right there
that jake graciously sent over to me
actually jono sent this one jake was the
one who sent over this one because we
didn't have it in the pack that jono
sent that was another thing that went
wrong when we were trying to start the
bloody show today
um yes that is what my voice sounds like
right now which is why i've been
recording all my videos from home this
week
so so you like the uh you you like the
work from homescrap hey
i mean i guess you would or you'd have
to at least say you like it because
otherwise how would you justify it
i
i mine is uh out of necessity because i
look terrible without one i think yours
just looks good i know you've you've
experimented a couple times but i think
this like level of scruff looks pretty
good i think it makes me look very very
homeless
uh really yeah it's funny because
i will i'll look at myself in the mirror
and i'll be like man i look awful and
i'll like try and fix my hair and i'll
be like
oh i've got like two or three days of
stubble that's the problem and i'll go
shave and be like yeah that's better
because let's face it there's no fixing
my hair mind you today it's kind of
funny this is actually no gel i just
like kind of ran my hands through it
before i went to bed because my scalp
was itchy not because i intended to do
it and then i slept on it and it was
like it's weird like see it's only at
the front it's like it's like a peacock
in front of the face kind of kind of
working though i have an issue where i
needed a haircut like
probably
a couple months ago and i was just
putting it off like i normally do and
then now everyone's like
stuck indoors and i can't go to the
hairdresser anymore
personal services are literally closed
like by law you cannot go to a
hairdresser in british columbia right
now
yeah so
so uh
it's getting pretty bad it's really long
like it was already to the point where
it was like kind of
you know
i really should have gone by now and
now it's been
two three weeks since then and it's just
insanely long it's gonna get to the
point where like if this ends up going
for a very long time i'm probably just
going to buzz it
again really it's been a long time since
then okay what do you think should i do
should i order like the top five uh like
trimmers off amazon like do a review
that could be interesting is there an
opportunity here like you you can't you
can't go to a hairdresser anymore yeah
so as a guy how do you take care of
yourself yeah exactly
i i i would personally watch that i
already own one anyway but like that
would be that would be it's not very
good i actually hate it so this would be
an opportunity for me to expense a new
one
yeah i mean there you go
solved
um all right what else we got to talk
about today oh okay that would be an
interesting little series of videos
actually
is like you what you are doing
to make the best of this covet 19 thing
like what what is linus doing
um well i mean i do have that work from
home thing coming up
yeah i'm going to be talking like how
how can you use tech in this time
to like better yours and your family's
lives while stuck at home i mean i would
say you know if you can afford it a vr
headset is a great way to make exercise
fun uh when you're stuck at home because
that's the other big one is i have like
look at these shakes
oh you can't you can't i've seen here
you'll see it in 15 seconds or whatever
but like yeah that is my badminton
withdrawal
i have not played badminton this is the
longest i've gone without playing
badminton in probably years
i play at
minimum once every two weeks like if
i've gone two weeks
yvonne knows there's like there's no
negotiation i need to go play because
we've worked it out such that i don't
really do anything else like i'm not i'm
not out at the bar or like like i don't
have a social life so like the one thing
i do is i go with my my badminton
friends and i play once a week
and if i miss one
then i definitely play the next week and
if it's not on my regularly scheduled
night we're gonna move it we're gonna
put it on another night like because if
i'm traveling on uh that night or
whatever the case may be and she's super
cool about it she'll always cover for me
with the kids but i haven't been able to
because all the gyms are closed
so i cannot play i actually did the
this is the most
stupid
total like
dumb impulse purchase that i have made
in quite some time
but uh one of my one of my friends
showed me this
um let me see if i can find it
it's like this weird thing it's like
actually oh yeah i think i found it it's
actually a uh a coach in canada that
developed this thing
and i don't think it's gonna work very
well but
i just i i have to have something to to
get my to take my sillies out i just
covered you with it so it's a little
like i think it's made of like wool or
something i don't know what it's made of
or like yarn but it's a little ball
that's about the same weight
and kind of apparently feels the same to
hit as a badminton shuttle and you can
kind of practice some of your your
reflex drills and your control drills
and uh hit it against the wall without
damaging your wall and i was like okay
how much is this wow 15 for three little
stupid balls that is way too much money
but i'm gonna do it because i am so
bored
so i thought that's
interesting i mean
it's not like
the most insane thing ever and it's only
15 bucks i try not to waste money on
dumb stuff like that as it is i know i
know but that's not my jam
if it works
unless it doesn't which is the problem
with dumb stuff like that it like never
does but if it works even to a remotely
acceptable level
then and it like helps you manage your
your your coved time i don't think 15
bucks is that bad
okay have you made any dumb purchases
because you're stuck inside no zero
you've no you've never bought anything
dumb in your life right luke
uh no i'm sure i have
i'm very sure i have but uh
no i haven't i haven't bought anything
i bought food um yeah yeah okay toilet
paper got enough toilet paper
we we already had a decent amount
because we had done a costco run kind of
like the week before all this kind of
went down and it was one of those big
like restock the
the the long-term supplies costco run so
we we had a fair amount already yeah i'm
going to finish but i'm going to
interrupt you right there
sure if you run out of toilet paper and
you have even the remotest amount of
difficulty finding toilet paper
do you make the switch do you go bidet
already ordered
oh but you're not classifying that as
something dumb okay fair enough because
that was already planned before all of
this
happened all right i've been shopping
for one for a while they're annoyingly
expensive so knowing me it took a very
long time yes um you still haven't
bought a better chair have you no okay
uh well you did but then you returned it
i did because it wasn't very good and
then i so
that's that's the so i had this chair
that had fallen apart and was a piece of
trash and then i uh bought an apartment
uh that that came with furniture and it
had the exact same chair as mine uh the
exact identical model so i was just like
well i'm gonna drop kick this chair into
a uh dumpster thing a municipal waste
thing i don't remember it's supposed to
go there whatever um
and use the new chair and then the new
chair is already like
i don't know
[Music]
luke exercise tips you know you don't
have any weights or whatever just
lift chairs
so it's
it's already destroyed it didn't take
very long i think it was kind of on its
last legs because costco hasn't sold
this particular chair as far as i know
uh for quite a while
i'm surprised you didn't take the other
one back to costco that seems like such
a luke move
i'm surprised i'm actually i'm
i'm not sure if i'm more proud or
disappointed
because i'm i'm proud of you for not
being that guy but i'm also disappointed
because i expected you to be that guy
i don't usually do
oh
maybe i do
like to say i don't usually do cheesy
returns and then i was like
[Music]
yeah no you do
yeah okay um i'm still looking for a
good chair i think i know
roughly what one i'm gonna get uh but
i've been frustrated with chairs for a
long time but the logitech has a herman
miller like uh cross-developed chair
coming i know right what yeah logitech
and herman miller i think it's logitech
and herman miller hold on
what is logitech's involvement
well the g it's a gaming chair it's for
gamers
okay
but like what did they do just design
that's herman miller's job i don't know
man they made it for gamers maybe it has
rgb or something i don't know i don't
know if there's any pictures out of it
yet
yeah
it's probably worth it's probably worth
giving it a shot
um else i'll i'll look into it oh herman
miller and logitech join forces to
create high performance furniture
solutions for gamers high performance
furniture solutions i love it
logitech g is committed to creating the
best gear for gamers make that possible
through unique collaboration process
between artisan
herman miller was the obvious choice for
over 100 years of experience i don't
know hopefully they do a good job
um
but yeah so the the bidet thing
what oh you're calling your cat
through this microphone not necessarily
about that yeah street listens to
calling my cat no i turned off the
streams micah it's actually really nice
having a mute button right next to me oh
and i can also swear like this
it doesn't mute
oh no it mutes it doesn't mute it for
you yeah you can hear me just fine i
muted it for the stream or i beeped it i
beeped it for the stream yeah yeah
because i'm using that that go xlr thing
we did a sponsored video for them a
while back and i've been meaning to set
it up at home so that when i'm streaming
i can like bleep myself that's my
favorite thing about it
we uh used it we used it on the the land
show one week it was actually kind of
fun
it's all you can
yeah there's a hundred ways you could do
that but this is just all in one it's
very simple
just a little button right there i'm i'm
down with it it's just yeah it's not
it's not impossible to do other ways but
yeah the the bidet thing there's there's
there's a lot of options but i think the
the like path to which one's a good one
is
a little bit more clear than a chair
um
and i already had my kind of eyes on one
i was just like yeah this one's probably
a good purchase but
it's really expensive
and then it was like cove it happened
there's no toilet paper anywhere and i
was like okay boop
yeah just time to go for it do the thing
yeah
but really what happened was my
girlfriend came up to me and was like so
i know you take a long time to make
expensive purchasing decisions but can
you kind of expedite this one a little
wow that is probably the most tactful
way of calling your boyfriend a cheap
ass that i have ever heard
yeah that's probably fair
[Laughter]
that's great
but yeah that pushed me along so that's
that's ordered it's not here yet but it
should be here in five or six days
and we definitely have enough to last us
until then so sweet we'll be all right
uh all right why don't we talk about the
amd xbox gpu source code stolen so this
was posted by rcmail on the forum and
the original article here was from tom's
hardware so amd source code for navi 10
navi 21 and arden gpus has appeared
online and the hacker hacker responsible
claims the information is worth 100
million
and is seeking bidders
that's like well i've even got the cat
100 million dollars
get real but also i don't know if i'm
nvidia do i do i do no they can't they
can't there's there's no way that would
be just like
so an additional line is the hacker says
uh it says she in bold i don't know why
i don't know why it matters but the
hacker says she will leak everything if
she doesn't get any buyers
so i think really what's going on here
is the it's worth 100 million isn't it's
more i think it's more like it's maybe
it's worth 100 million
for you
yeah yeah so
there does seem to be some credibility
to the claim so amd was apparently
initially contacted by the hacker in
december and has filed at least two dmca
takedowns against github repos that
contained the stolen source
github has removed the repositories but
there are other sources including via a
post on 4chan hosting leaked information
um
so she's like pmca and github is not
going to solve anything she claims she
found the unencrypted information in a
computer slash server that was hacked
remotely
amd says the leaked information is not
core to its competitiveness and the
company is taking legal action to remedy
the situation including working with law
enforcement officials so it sounds like
they don't intend to pay
no 100 billion dollars
a million but yeah this is good dashie
you're being a very good prop right now
can you sit with me
thanks sweetheart good job oh you're
gonna sit with me for now
she's hanging you can hear her purring
that's really cute i've only got one cat
now so i'm gonna spend as much time as i
have with that cat
yeah
makes sense
um but yeah i think that's mostly it for
this news kind of just say about that i
don't think amd's gonna respond by
giving this person money because
that will obviously not solve anything
um
because like well
data theft is always interesting like
yeah i'll i'll give you this money to
not leak it and then they're like
you still have it yeah thanks for the
money guess i'll leak it yeah exactly i
don't know there's no actual
thing stopping them from from leaking it
at that point so like gee i sure
couldn't
copy this to another hard drive
yeah um one thing jake just sent me
which i think is super super valid to
bring up uh is that the linus tech tips
folding team oh yes
killing it right now the lioness tech
tips folding team is actually bigger
than the default folding team right now
which i don't believe has ever been done
yeah that's the default actually insane
is when you start folding at home and
you just don't configure anything and
you're just like yeah i just want to
like be helpful
which is probably going to be most
people it has always been the biggest
contributor
uh in terms of points
and the ltt team let me just bring up
the extreme overclocking
uh folding stats right here let's have a
have a look here
but we cracked like a billion points a
day like a little while ago a few days
ago or something stupid like that
what are we up to now so linus tech tips
team there we go we are up to 56
000 active users
and
2 billion points is our 24 hour average
the last
uh today we have done 2.48
billion points
now to put that in perspective the
folding team has been running for like
eight years and it's always been pretty
active through the forum those guys are
freaking awesome uh we've done a few
little things you know promoting the
team but honestly they've been mostly
this self-perpetuating machine they've
been incredible like we'll do a giveaway
once in a while to people with folding
badges and you get folding badges by
being on the folding team but really
it's been those guys just trying to
trying to help out um so they've been
running for eight years and we're at 132
billion points
all together over eight years
we did two and a half billion points
today
that's nuts everyone's everyone's
totally chipping in it's awesome uh glad
to see it um i also want to give an
individual shout out to jake because he
is 12th on the team
and that's pretty cool he's probably
using stuff from work
it is also nuts that jake who is
probably using stuff from work uh is
12th on the team with a 24-hour points
average of 200 uh 2.6 million there is
someone on the team with a 24 hour
points average of 11.8
million uh that's probably uh there's a
guy that works at liquid
uh they do like composable pci express
infrastructure or something like that
and i think i see liquid on here they
are currently ninth oh really oh i
wonder if you want to point out two
million
because yeah he had a machine that was
capable of like i i don't remember
that's the points average over i believe
the last 24 hours so maybe something's
going on i don't know but either way
there's there's lots of people on this
list that are absolutely killing it
everyone appreciates you thank you very
much i think we have a topic in here
actually
if i can bring back up the
dock i have an update on that by the way
so uh we alluded to in our first uh
video about folding a week ago uh we
alluded to that there are not enough
servers
so since then one of the videos i filmed
at home this week was actually building
our folding at home ingest server or
like
a job server so we're going to be giving
that half of our internet connection at
the office so five gigabit
um i believe jake has it deployed and
we're just waiting on the folding guys
to do a final validation on it and it's
gonna start issuing jobs
so um we're gonna have that video coming
out i think on float plane this weekend
or it'll be a double release on monday
uh because there was one more clip we
wanted to do where once it's formally up
and running uh jake was gonna video call
me in because i can't go there and we
were just gonna like
kind of go oh look at these bandwidth
stats and cpu usage stats and how many
clients are connected we just wanted to
like see some some stats um that would
have been like kind of a fun payoff for
the end of the video so we're just we're
just waiting on that and then we're
ready to go but it should theoretically
already be running over this weekend and
we'll just be filming that clip maybe
monday morning then we'll throw the edit
together and throw it up as a double
release on monday
that's awesome that's super super cool
i uh the additional news i want to throw
in here is actually another one of our
topics folding at home surpasses all
known supercomputers the folding at home
network is now 10 times faster than any
individually
known supercomputer it's faster than the
top seven supercomputers in the world
combined
[Laughter]
that is so cool i think the coolest
thing too is that like
since this has happened where it's like
oh like uh
i think it was like america or something
um
hired out a bunch of different
supercomputers all to work on this and
then in response there was a bunch of
news articles being like folding at home
is way more powerful than all of that um
i hadn't actually heard a ton about this
before then meaning that this is
probably a majority of like grassroots
forum
nerd type of people
jumping on it which is pushing his users
to get into it um i know that uh tom's
hardware and a non-tech have like a
friendly competition between the two of
them like the two forum communities um
so there's there's absolutely been other
guys that have
that have kind of kicked this thing
into high gear and then you know my
whole thing is like i'm sorry you're
gonna try and like take our spot like
that's our spot
so not only are we gonna hold on to our
spot ladies and gentlemen but we're
gonna take a new spot we're gonna take
the biggest spot the greatest spot so uh
yeah i'm really proud of our community
and not just ours but just all these
other communities that are that are
pitching in
yeah yeah it's it's super cool i just i
just have an appreciation for it i think
because it's like
ev even if you're not on the the linus
tech tips team it's it's still kind of
like our people you know
um so i just think that's that's really
cool that our segment is able to step up
so much in this time i think that's
pretty awesome
let's talk about firefox um having a
paid ad free
program
so this the source here is the mozilla
blog
and uh let's let's talk through what it
is so firefox better web with scroll is
a new test pilot initiative where users
will pay to get an ad free browsing
service on partner websites so it's 249
a month for the first six months that's
2.49 so that's
what is that like 42 cents a month or
something stupid like that and then it
goes to five dollars per six months
after that
um unlike typical ad blocking publishers
will actually get a cut of the fee to
make up for the removal of ads so it's
kind of similar to what brave browser i
guess is trying to do with their tokens
um but it's not crypto based it's
traditional currency so where it's like
it kind of comes down to like an
attentiveness
credit
um early tests showed that sites make at
least 40 more than when they just
display ads like if you guys were
wondering
why websites are so plastered with ads
and why they're so obnoxious like why
they're all audio ads and auto playing
video ads it's because ads don't pay
basically anything at all so if you're
actually relying on ads to support your
business i can see why people get
desperate and start putting like
obnoxious stuff on their websites like
for us we're really lucky mine is
techtips.com the forum has like
two ads on it or something stupid like
that just because we were like i don't
know all the cool kids were putting ads
on their websites like there's like an
amazon affiliate uh program link or
something like that and i don't know i
think there's usually something down at
the bottom we have like display banners
that roll through and we get we get
companies contacting us all the time
they're like hey we noticed that your
your website um you know doesn't have a
lot of ads on it we think this could be
a great monetization opportunity for you
and they like
show us what they figure they could do
and they always get like our traffic
numbers wrong and stuff like that so
they don't know exactly how much money
we could be making but they they throw
some sort of projections at us and we
kind of go look that's like that's a
rounding error we'd rather the linus
tech tips forum just continue exactly
the way it is the way that people love
it and change absolutely nothing about
the way we monetize it versus like you
know the couple hundred dollars a month
or whatever that it's going to bring in
like it just doesn't even register for
us and quite honestly with the
contributors that we have on the forum
it's a break-even proposition as it is
anyway we don't actually spend a lot on
it uh volunteers like colonel mortis
spend so much time
making sure that the website is running
smoothly and so the way that i see it is
if we were to turn around and like
heavily monetize that thing a that's
really a kind of a stab in the back to
the people that have
contributed their time for which they
weren't paid to build it and b
we're going to lose all our staff
how are we going to run the thing so all
of a sudden
i get to make more money but now i just
have to pay people to run it that that
doesn't
that's not useful that's not good
business
mortis has laughed at us in the past and
been like you guys suck at making money
we could probably make money better on
this website um
so there you have it mortise i just
actually don't get
it means nothing to me other than that
it's just a great website where people
go to get help with their problems okay
that's it
mortis is amazing thank you very much
mortis
colonel mortis
and of course all of our moderators
yes
absolutely i get man i got cc'd into
just like the dumbest moderation thread
because the user like didn't like what
the moderator was telling them and they
like ceced me into it as though i was
gonna come in and like rescue them and i
was like no
actually like
the moderator had typed like these long
explanations they're so good yeah i
agree
why what they were doing was wrong and
made no sense and i just was like
i'm not even gonna reply to this they
got this 100 under control if i step in
and i'm like yeah you know my name's on
the my name's on the site or whatever
and like you know i'm like i'm the
lioness atlantis tech tips like i'm not
doing anything useful
honestly
linustech.com at this point operates
almost like a completely separate entity
like
it it kind of does and like honestly one
of the i'm still in the in the
communication platform that the forum
moderators use and all that kind of
stuff and i often go in and read stuff
and every time i'm like oh yeah this
looks like it like probably needs my
attention i'm like oh okay because i
keep reading and eventually they solved
it better than i would have anyways i'm
just like oh all right they got this
because they are amazing
um
oh there was something else oh right
right so we were talking about how but
not everyone has the luxury of their
community forum being like
a fraction of their revenue a lot of a
lot of publishers do rely on them and so
uh yeah 40 more than what they made for
displaying ads that sounds like a better
internet for everyone um so unlike brave
which blocks all ads then gives users
the option to fund websites this test
pilot would only block ads on partner
websites so publishers that don't wish
to partner will continue to be able to
serve ads but mozilla uses a customized
enhanced tracking protection setting in
order to block third-party trackers
fingerprinters and crypto miners
which could impact those site's ability
to monetize if they don't join the
program and they expect to just keep
being able to you know mine crypto in
the in the background on your computer
when you go to their website
that's fantastic
do you think chrome would ever do this
uh
i
don't think so
really because i was gonna say i think
so
youtube basically has this with youtube
premium so google has definitely shown
that there's a precedent for it my point
oh um okay
so i i would go with google makes so
much money through their ads right and
like i would probably argue
no i don't know i actually have no data
on this i'm not going to argue either
way but i was going to i was going to
argue that the majority of ads on the
internet were going to be google
ads
well google makes money through not just
not ads google like if we if we break it
down one more layer google makes money
with data
so this program
might actually give google an excuse to
collect even more data
now if they couldn't serve an ad to you
directly
with the data
there's there's still there's still
other ways to manipulate
the populace
there's still other ways to uh steer
people in in purchasing directions uh
like like predicting google searches and
and other things like that um
but
yeah i don't know my gut reaction says
they wouldn't but they totally could
question i have for you is would you do
this
for what
i know i know you don't uh you don't use
firefox right your main browsers chrome
so uh if chrome had this feature and it
was identical would you pay
so the only reason i bought youtube
premium uh was because people at work
complained
that when they need to go back to our
library to rip a video off of youtube
for whatever reason like if they i can't
find it on the vault or if we're
borrowing content from someone else the
easiest way for us like if we're like yo
austin can we use a clip or whatever
else the easiest way for us to get it is
to just rip it out of his video um and
so when people are
on youtube for work they were like you
were literally paying me to watch ads
it's probably cheaper for you to just
pay for youtube premium on the ltt
account and then
not pay us to watch ads and i was like
that is very sound logic probably true
[Laughter]
yes i will buy
he actually made me buy it on tech
quickie as well he's like well i am
often logged into this account and it
would save me having to switch accounts
i was like wow that really actually
doesn't seem like that much work logic
isn't breaking down a little bit now but
but fine whatever i i don't care it's
like what is it like eight dollars a
month or something like in the grand
scheme of things for linus media group
incorporated as an entity that is not a
lot of money so i was like okay fine
if this makes you a happier a happier
more productive employee than i do
i'll let it slide
um
but for myself i mean i think we've
talked about this before like i have a
superpower you know that right
my superpower is that i don't see ads
yeah i cannot see them like i can i can
sit and i can load up a video on youtube
and it'll have an ad on it and my brain
will go into this
trance-like state
and then the skip add button will appear
and i will press it and then if you
asked me three seconds later what that
ad was for i would not be able to tell
you unless you prompted me ahead of time
to like pay attention to the ad because
you were going to test me on it later i
would not
have seen it
i i
i would have to look into it more than
this tertiary look that we're making
right now but um
would you consider it though i would i
absolutely would because
if it's done in a certain way i feel
like it could lead to a better internet
um
that's one way of looking at it if it
doesn't
it's gonna have to promote click baiting
to a certain degree because
every reasonable financial model does
oh yeah
so like
whatever people dislike about
clickbaiting you can't get away from
that but
if if we got away from all this kind of
junk that's going on
um and we could move to
websites being ad free i think that
would just be better for the world
and i think i think everyone ad blocking
everything is not the answer
um and i've had a really weird
mixed opinion on this for a long time
where
like i have
ran ad blockers in the past because i
don't want my computer to get infected
with terrible things because lots of ads
are
uh terrible things terrible things uh
but at the same time
i mean mortis does these days but i used
to run the the line of sections.com
forum and we were always extremely
friendly with our ads and everyone
always told me that they would whitelist
websites that handled ads properly and
then
basically no one did no because
it's the kind of thing that i think
people tell themselves like yeah i'll
whitelist the creators that are like
really good or i'll whitelist the
websites that like do a great job of
maintaining a minimal amount of ads but
like we actually have numbers you guys
don't do it no
we'll just all stop pretending yeah and
and the line of sectors forum has always
been good in terms of ads um
like from from any reasonably objective
point of view and basically no one
turned i'd block off i'm sure there's
two of you whatever but like
it yeah and great thank you but not not
enough that it made a difference um and
i think this could make
uh
more
websites that are better more viable if
done properly and that is something that
i think is really good because i'm not a
huge fan of the state of the internet
right now and i think it could be better
if it wasn't so ad driven and if
websites weren't so desperate because
it's so hard to make money
um partially because of uh partially
their fault
partially other people's fault and
partially the people blocking ads fault
combination of people blocking ads
everything clickbait and listicles and
like the kind of junk that people click
on sort of
um
not having a very low barrier of entry
for people to create so there's so much
of it so then there's so much ad
inventory out there that it drives the
prices down
yeah it's it's and then and then people
abuse it's a circ it's a vicious circle
it's the oroboros eating itself um and i
this just to me if done properly and if
enough people embraced it uh could could
free us from the vicious cycle maybe i'm
probably being too optimistic but um
i would just like to think that way i
guess so i would definitely try it
right now uh firefox better web with
scroll is only available to customers
located in the united states so
so i won't try it
um
yeah you won't be trying it
it's so weird to hear that because i
know they don't
i do so it's like whoa you can't say
that on the internet um this is this is
this is a christian minecraft
[Laughter]
so uh
uh hold on we've got one more topic that
i wanted to hit today before we uh
before we
uh go through some super chats oh wait
no can you uh uh uh hold on hold on uh
nick is going to kill me if i don't talk
about
lttstore.com i'm on it no no i got i got
it i got it this time okay ltdstore.com
guys we have a shipping promo
so it's for our canadian home dogs uh
let me just try and remember what it is
uh
yes
so
from the wan show right now through
sunday night it is gonna be
five dollar shipping for all canadian
orders
also we have a new product that just
launched that's all just our old
products
it's called the mystery shirt
so this is basically a mix of shirts
that didn't sell
um or that were like promotional limited
time ones where we just had kind of a
few odds and ends um there's some stuff
in here that's like uh the reserve
inventory that we hold on to in case um
you know someone has
uh they get the wrong size or whatever
else so that we have a little bit of
inventory on hand to deal with customer
service problems so these are ones where
we feel like okay yeah it's been a while
we don't really need any of those
anymore so um mystery shirts just
launched 12.99 a shirt we recommend that
you just buy one because we can't
guarantee that you'll get unique designs
if you order more than one in some sizes
there might only be like one design but
anyway we've got those and for our
canadian home slices we've got
five dollar shipping
for um from now until sunday night
so this this might not be the most
cheery thing to discuss but shipping has
been a pretty major issue
in the in the times of the covid uh oh
yeah
okay oh i've got a story you want a
story yes guess how much we are going to
be paying we're restocking stealth
hoodie because we are completely out um
guess how much it's going to cost us in
shipping to get them over here from the
other side of the pacific ocean
oh boy
per hoodie okay per hoodie i have no
idea this is in bulk okay this is in
bulk
i have
literally no clue we are not raising the
price for our valued and beloved users
but we are definitely taking less margin
on them you gotta guess come on you
gotta come back can i guess the delta
cause i i wouldn't i would have no clue
where to go have some fun throw out a
number it's fun it's a game it's fun
play fun game
three dollars three dollars
i have no idea if that's good or not
f five five don't i i don't know
it's more
ten dollars
there's no way it's in dollars
you're still there i can't see you i
have to wait till the stream oh i'm so
sorry yeah it's still up up okay okay
more than ten dollars for one sweater uh
how cold am i
you're pretty warm you're getting more
you're getting more okay 15. it's 12.
12. it's going to cost us 12
per per hoodie to get them over here so
that is going to be a big hit to our
margin but uh that's like that's that's
on a ship that's not like no no that's
air that is oh that is zero but that is
brutal even for air so back when i was
doing uh purchase purchase orders for
ncix when if we were ordering something
like um like heatsinks i think heatsinks
are something pretty comparable to a
shirt in terms of the dimensional weight
um it would cost you would have to
account for somewhere between about a
dollar
for uh a heatsink to like two dollars or
something like that uh if you were no oh
sorry sorry no no no no probably more
like three to five for something like
the size of a heatsink or a power supply
if you have to air ship a small quantity
whereas shipping by c it's like
less than a dollar
well that's why in my head i thought we
were talking about shipping by c yeah so
um i don't think you said that but i
just thought it was dollars a unit and
that is at reasonable scale like
obviously we're not ordering a container
or whatever like it it's like hundreds
of units as opposed to or maybe like a
little over a thousand or something like
that but it's like
ridiculous and so nick comes to me he's
like this is a lot of money this is this
is very unreasonable um do we do we just
wait or do we order it or do we go
through with it and i'm like well you
know
making five bucks a unit is better than
making zero dollars
and not selling anything so and people
are people are bugging us about it
they're like hey stealthy's out of stock
wtf i could i can get a stealth hoodie
in animal crossing but i can't get one
in real life and we're like yeah we'll
we'll sort that out wait what you can
get a stealth hoodie and animal
crosstalk you can make it someone made a
stealth hoodie someone else made a swag
it they look amazing
dude mike
my girlfriend will not
stop talking about or playing that game
yeah
it's amazing
yvonne was asking and she
designing sweaters last night i'm not
getting it
i have never tried an animal crossing
game but it seems like the kind of game
i just shouldn't play
like i get super addicted to things
sometimes like i think i told i think i
might have told you this no i was on
land show with james last week i played
probably over 30 hours of anno
like in the week leading up to last
week's wan show
just like
i was up till like 3 4 a.m like
two-thirds of the nights just like
completely addicted to this anno file
because i was having these like economic
problems that i couldn't solve and i
hadn't clued into uh selling ships to
boost your economy and anyway um i was
just like trying to crack this crack
this nut and i was like over producing
on my islands i was like yeah but like
if i don't over produce then i get these
precipitous drops in income because the
people can't get their luxury goods
which is what really drives your income
is people buying luxury goods at the
marketplaces and so anyway i solved it i
solved it so i'm i'm kind of i'm kind of
um on the wagon again now but uh don't
know
i actually
don't necessarily think that you'd be
that much of an animal crossing fan i've
never tried it so it's hard for me to
say yeah i just i think um
someone said luke is super uninterested
that's actually wrong i
i
played anna with linus for quite a while
and it was really fun he completely
destroyed me but it was still fun um
well not technically because he bid me
mercy and decided not to blow up
everything i had but um it destroyed me
well that's part of the fun of playing
that game it's like kind of co-op if you
want to
yeah
we were sort of doing that and kind of
learning the game and all kinds of stuff
but it's fun i like anno but the the
thing that makes me think that you
wouldn't necessarily like animal
crossing is there's
um
i i asked emma last night what the goal
was
um and it took a really long time to get
to an answer and i started with like is
the goal to decorate
right and she was like well no and it it
ended up with like yeah the goals kind
of to decorate
um
and i feel like that wouldn't
necessarily
enthrall you quite as much maybe not
yeah maybe not as much uh cosmetic
upgrades haven't really been my fang
in the past it's it's very funny to me
to see like now with animal crossing
being like a worldwide phenomenon um
yeah remember that headline we were
talking about where microsoft basically
decided they were above both sony and
nintendo because their true competitors
were amazon and google i'm like
maybe that's true but not in the way you
want it to be
yeah
like guys you don't understand like
it doesn't matter how good your cloud
infrastructure is
if nintendo keeps creating gaming
experiences that people need to buy
their hardware
and buy all their software and buy their
accessories in order to have the full
experience they are going to keep making
money hand over fist
five ever
like
one small example of this is um
for one one random person in in twitch
chat twitch plays dion said in all
capital letters the goal is to be cute
and i think that's probably uh better
than how i described it the goal is to
decorate i think yeah the goal is to
like be curious games where you just
like dressed up the dolls uh like those
web browser games and then just like
made a little room for them to sit in
and stuff
but it's like this island and you get to
like decide where people live and and
help like lay out the flowers and the
trees
and catch them
but
but a lot less technical i think um and
there's only one island but you can go
visit other people's islands through a
plane i don't know i watched her play it
for a little bit um
shoot what was i gonna say
uh what were you just talking about
oh man i don't even know who knows oh no
oh yeah nintendo is never going to stop
making money oh yeah franchise alone is
going to be enough for them to make
money forever
yes
and they have they have the like the
most insane war chest ever for the size
of their company it is baffling to me
that they still aren't into like heavy
into the theme park thing because i
would be as likely to go to nintendo
land as disneyland with the kids
i would love to go to industry they have
so many beloved intellectual properties
and the amusement park industry is the
kind that i think nintendo could just go
in and like okay so what we need a
hundred experts let's just we have all
the money in the world let's go poach
100 experts and design and build a park
like there's no way they couldn't do
that
i think the last time that they they had
a business model where you had to go to
the
the facility in person uh they want to
kind of hide that history a little bit
so uh
what are you talking about
i gotta know now
let me make sure my information is not
messed up uh all right why don't i do a
couple super chats while you look that
up
no i already found it um
this is this is it's from kotaku so
grain of salt but uh the nintendo
they've tried to forget gambling
gangsters and love hotels ooh
the beginning of new nintendo was uh
okay well they were like a little gift
card company they were a playing card
company and they had a
quote-unquote love hotel and some of
their playing cards had less than
clothed women on them and
things like that ooh scandalous yes very
much so um i don't i'm just making a
joke but yeah i i really think they
should make nintendo land they literally
had a game called nintendo land and i
enjoyed it and it was fun and they could
do a much better uh job with a
in person real life experience i think
that would be significant like they they
could they could get really heavily into
like augmented reality stuff like they
could have kind of a really focused oh
my god go like experience within
pokemon land um they could have uh you
could have the safari zone but like
actually have the safari zone oh for
sure for sure i mean pokemon land could
almost be completely its own thing yeah
but like obviously there would have to
be a cart racing thing
the mario kart ride duh like there's
just
it would be so much fun to build and i
would go there and it would be great um
maybe that maybe they're planning who
knows
i the one the one thing i i'd like to
point out here is like so far already
just with emma playing animal crossing
she has expressed not she's gonna buy
them but she has expressed desire for
another dock
so that she can more easily dock her
switch in in more than one area luckily
i also have a switch so we had another
dock so not a problem and then the other
one was that uh we don't have the
battery pack joy-con
uh
holder thing where you slide the two
joy-cons go on too yeah yeah we don't
have the battery pack version of that we
just have to play for long enough that
she needs an extended controller battery
well uh i think she was maybe not being
the most diligent about
uh putting her joy cons back on i see
um and it's not the newest switch so
there's probably been some battery
depletion there as well like there's
there's some other things going on there
but she wanted a controller that she
could like plug in so that she doesn't
have to worry about that it's never been
a problem but she doesn't want to worry
about it uh and i was like yeah i mean
they have that option it's called a pro
controller it's 100
oh apparently they have poke world in
japan
how have i never heard of this
world
all right i want to do a few super chats
here uh robert mill says sd express is
coming out soon yes we know
um so that would be that would be cool
so it's pci express sd cards basically
thanks trephy one thanks jose
jimenez
um
growl fighter says did alex brought
people to vr for more aaa games i'm not
sure if i 100 understand your question i
think it makes people
invest in vr because there's a aaa game
if that's what you're asking
um there's definitely been more interest
in it um luke have you played in the
alex yet i have not i actually didn't
know it was released until today i am
quite surprised that you me too to
notice that that is very surprising to
me i've been
surprisingly disconnected because i've
kind of been like getting stuff done
huh so
i didn't know that was a thing and now
i'm probably gonna get less stuff done
are you gonna stream that tonight
not tonight i already have plans tonight
but maybe monday do you want to hear my
review of the first like hour and a half
yes yep
it's half life
in vr
now i haven't made it that far in i
still don't have any good guns or
anything
but like it's it it's in ha in true
half-life fashion you just kind of get
there's no clear like oh you solved the
puzzle now here's another puzzle you
just
sort of
walk into dead ends and you just have to
like
do stuff
one of the things i liked so much about
cross code i know i always come back to
how much i love cross code
but crosscode did a really great job of
building on the skill that you just
developed with your next puzzle in a
very logical way
um whereas half-life i think it they
they want you
to kind of not be sure what to do a lot
and i honestly just find it kind of
tedious
okay does it does it feel like how big
of a fan of of original half-life games
are you i never played half-life one i
never got through it because i tried to
go back and play it after playing
half-life two
and it just
sorry no offense it it didn't hold up
it's a little rough even 15 years ago it
didn't hold up
um although i do want to try out that
remake mod black mesa yeah yeah i want
to try that out um i i suspect it
probably won't be much better i i don't
i don't like the style as much i had far
more fun playing far cry than i did
playing half-life 2.
so this is why i wanted to ask you that
was because i assumed that and
i think some people when they hear it's
like half-life are going to be like yeah
but i could tell by the tony your voice
that you were like
[Music]
so portal's a better game
i'm a huge fan of portals so that's not
a really difficult argument to make with
me but um
i yeah i'm interested i'm definitely
gonna try it out i'm i'm interested in
it being
a a like halo product for
for vr that's cool um
one really cool thing that i've seen
already i wonder if i could find it
um someone made a like
teaching
uh
angles in half-life alex youtube video
that was like hilariously good
i i know sorry hold on
it sounds weird and i clicked on it
because it sounded super weird um but
it's really cool actually
yeah
i'm gonna do a couple more super chats
while uh
while you do that um rat splits cheers
from a farmer
oh yeah no no problem you know we we
will bring you we will bring you the
entertainment to your house
even if it takes us
two hours to get the stream going that's
how long i spent on it luke spent an
hour just helping me troubleshoot
remotely and uh helping out
uh kinestic says is that the pornhub
casting couch
um no but it could probably serve that
purpose it is leather so it is easy to
clean
okay um i've got it the one issue is if
i play it they're not gonna hear the
sound which is maybe fine
um
but i can skip through it and show why
it's cool
kinesthetic wants to know why our
shipping to australia is expensive
that's because shipping to australia is
expensive sorry this is the best we can
do
yes all right go ahead luke
okay for now let's play
angular vocabulary review
so you guys can't hear this
i guess
um
but this is half-life alex
and
the the presenter guy the guy hosting
the video talks as if he is um
teaching a class remotely and he's like
oh this is the first time we've had to
do this i guess i'm coming to you from
my home this is a view from my home you
wouldn't normally see
this because i talked to you in the
classroom blah blah blah he's like role
playing as if he's a teacher and then he
goes into this room
uh and he's able to manipulate the
objects and right on the glass and when
i first saw this i didn't think he was
actually going to do anything and he's
looking around for something i didn't
think he was actually going to do
anything and i thought this writing was
already there and i was like oh an
interesting random thing to have in the
game maybe some uh like math nerds will
appreciate it i wish he i keep jumping
to parts of he's just looking around but
no he did it all
and i thought this was wild
it's actually really cool he does a
whole
legitimate math lesson
in in alex um
and it's it's kind of random but like
you could legitimately learn to
understand
angle vocabulary after watching this
person's video
and it got 615 000 views
that's pretty crazy
i don't know i think it's pretty cool
it's interesting um and it's like well
presented and and honestly the medium
works really well for them yeah um
and i don't know
it's just i just thought it was really
cool
cool use of vr cool use of using a a
video game to accomplish a different
task
uh jake says what are the prospects of
honest answers volume two particularly
interested if my youtube premium helps
the artists i watch um i don't i didn't
really have anything planned for another
round of it but uh i can tell you your
youtube premium does help it's way more
than ads way more
um
cal says luke and quarantine at a spa
no that's just his house that's just my
house that's uh that's a literal zero
contribution from me that's that's my
girlfriend going around decorating
things uh
it would look a lot more sparse and they
would be like
probably
band and movie and gaming posters around
and
nothing else really and it would be
messier if it was just me
um pickles yep we're crushing it and
folding at home we talked about that
probably uh after you sent the super
chat so yes rank four soon you better
believe it
uh alex says conclusion of the rebuild
of the trend transcode server um
i have not even thought about it since
we redeployed it i'll have to think
about that some more later erin thompson
just finished my first week of working
from home just spreadsheet type work but
uh
when you're on 100 milliseconds it sucks
hmm okay well that's good to know
um
engine says thoughts on the dbrand
cybertrack skin yeah that's dbrand for
you
thanks thomas
um
see chalk rj so i'm watching your vr
thursday video and wondered at what
point did linus just build a fake home
at the office because you filmed there
so often no no that's just my house
and yes you're welcome for bringing back
channels super fun
let me just go through them there's not
too many of these this week
uh death here says what headset is luke
using
uh it's not a headset it's headphones
they're sennheiser
hd595s they're
quite old at this point
but they've served me well they're still
working i've had to buy
new uh well i didn't have to but it
would have been a very bad idea if i
yeah they were growing i've had to buy
new little pad things twice now um just
not because they were bad just because i
used them a lot and again it was the
right thing to do
but yeah i'm very happy with these
headphones i hope i never have to
replace them the only
thing that has started to become a
little bit of a drawback is that they're
open back um and my current position of
my computer as you can maybe guess is in
the middle of like the living room area
yeah so sometimes if someone's like
cooking food or or doing something like
that it can be hard to hear things but
like that's a good option coming
if you want to like spend a lot of money
again on something that you don't have
to get something better than again for a
long time um i tried out the drop x thx
pandas so they're wireless
um oh that's cool i like that a lot but
you can plug in a wire
and always a good option it sounds the
same wired and wireless and they sound
great
okay outstanding i have been thinking if
i got another pair of headphones they
would need to be wireless and
closed i wouldn't use them i wouldn't
use them on bluetooth for gaming though
i mean i haven't actually tried um and
they are using some new codec something
something something but i doubt the
latency is going to be good enough
yeah it would more be for like a niche
case where like
i don't know my the the tv in my place
is just to my right so like if my
girlfriend wants to watch something on
there
um and i want to do something on my
computer that has audio whether it's
gaming or not um
it would be so that these open back
headphones they don't block anything
like yeah at all so
it would be just to
to make it so that the tv isn't
literally louder for me than it is for
her because the speakers are right
beside my freaking face um
so
yeah i don't know i wouldn't be too
worried about like oh i can't hear
footsteps at the exact same fidelity
like i don't i'm not super concerned
about that as long as they sound
really good overall i'm not necessarily
looking for hardcore gaming headphones
right um and are wireless and are closed
those are like the the things i'm
looking for so
maybe all right i've just got a couple
more um zach's tube says more proof
everything is messed up this week a fern
is the special guest on the lan show
[Laughter]
diego says greetings from guatemala
um scott says big shout out to all the
folding people out there well done
everyone indeed
um dark swordsman says i don't use pia
but wireguard is awesome
so there you go pia now has beta support
i believe for a wire guard
um
thanks andrew thanks tyler thanks
sheriff sheriff mayor td thanks brian
river this is for getting my man a
better mic
or this is for my man getting a better
mic i don't know if that's to get one or
to thank me for getting one
the mic i'm using is okay isn't it i
don't know you're not watching the
stream now the mic you're listening to
me on is terrible
um
uh i kyle says what's the best gpu for
folding rtx or quadro rtx not quadro
quadro's not faster it's just got
validated drivers
um oh man you sent that super chat like
multiple times i'm so sorry for not
seeing it sooner we don't do these till
the end of the show though now you know
for next time
uh all right sorry guys
no more time for super chats it is it's
eight o'clock we've been streaming for
an hour
okay i'm sorry luke we went for a long
time today it is okay no need to
apologize to me yeah good uh
good chat
yeah absolutely hey um are you streaming
tonight
no my girlfriend is going to be
streaming animal crossing tonight what
so wait so she streams but she still she
still doesn't say her name
uh interesting
yeah i don't know i think i said it once
on this show i forget what the rules are
all the time um so it's just better to
say nothing i guess
yeah but yeah she's she's streaming
animal crossing tonight um
and then hopefully that'll be fun
i don't i guess it's promotion time it's
twitch.tv i think
you don't know you're terrible
you're a terrible you're a terrible
boyfriend and
a terrible person i wasn't prepared for
this don't know your own girlfriend's
twitch channel twitch.tv
time apparently she's playing animal
crossing with my mom
i think i think they're even like on
voice chat with each other and stuff
legitimately sounds like it might be
entertaining
i mean it could be so i mean i'm not
gonna watch it but like
i hang out in the chat sometimes you
know yeah that's cool
yeah
all right cool um yeah so hey how's your
beat saber training coming
you're really taking very well i i i
haven't been doing a ton in that realm
for a while i've been working on stuff
my nas is all fully updated it only took
two and a half weeks oh that's good
and now like my next major project that
i'm working on is i have to drill a
bunch of holes so that i can
put this nas somewhere where it's not
going to be annoying um
and then i'm going to work on kind of
redoing the networking through my entire
place because right now only
four plugs at a time can work and be
active four of the wall plugs and that's
a limitation of the
modem router combo that i'm still on
that telus gave me
so i want to switch off of that but then
there's issues with the other stuff and
so yeah that's my but then shipments are
all delayed so maybe i won't be able to
do that i don't know but yeah i've been
working on lots of stuff i'm also this
was a project but no one watching cares
about this at all so maybe we can just
cut it now but one of my other projects
i'm going to be working on planters for
the deck this is a me idea because i
want to plant it's boring food
um not not random other stuff
people are suggesting a raid i don't
know all right your thing well cool
story bro um thanks yeah thanks for
tuning in this week guys
see you again next week
so hopefully not at the same time but
definitely the same
[Music]
she's laughing a lot from the other room
so i think a bunch of people went
[Music]
but planty time
i think you just type in the chat slash
raid plenty time
[Music]
oh